Ingredients (240 ml cup used)

4 Chicken drumsticks or ¼ kg cubed boneless chicken
1 tsp. light olive oil or butter
First marination
? tsp. turmeric powder
¼ tsp. Kashmiri red chili powder
1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
Salt as needed

Second marination
? cup thick fresh yogurt or curd or dahi (use low fat yogurt to make it low fat)
2 tbsp. Olive oil or any oil (use a light oil to make it low fat)
1 tsp. kasuri methi
1 tsp. coriander powder
½ tsp. Kashmiri chili powder
¼ tsp. pepper powder
1 ½ tsp. ginger garlic paste
1 tsp. garam masala powder
¼ tsp. Amchur powder (optional)

Instructions
Wash drumsticks and wipe off with disposable kitchen tissues.
Slit twice or thrice randomly.
Marinate with ingredients mentioned under first marination. Rub the drumsticks with the marinade for 3 to 4 minutes to make them tender. Set this aside for 15 to 20 minutes.
Mix all the ingredients mentioned under second marination, marinate the drumsticks with this. Refrigerate for overnight or 6 hours.
Mix little red chili powder in 1 tsp oil. Keep this aside. You can skip if using food color.
Preheat the oven at 220 C for at least 15 minutes. Grease a foiled baking tray.
Pick up the drumsticks and let the extra marinade drip off to the bowl. Place them on the baking tray and baste with the prepared oil lightly.
Bake for 15 minutes, baste again with the oil and back to the oven for 5 minutes
Flip the drumsticks and repeat the basting and bake for 6 to 10 minutes, depending on your oven and chicken.
To give a real tandoori flavor, burn a char coal and place it on a plate, beside the plate place the grilled chicken and cover all these with a large utensil and leave it for about 3 to 4 minutes. You get the flavor of char coal grilled chicken.

Notes
Adjust the baking time based on your oven, chicken might get charred if you over cook it. So keep an eye all the time, the chicken might get cooked anywhere in between 20 to 30 minutes depending on the size of drumsticks.
Adjust the quantity of lemon juice, and you can skip amchur if you don’t have.
Choose a good garam masala powder
Discard the left over marination